So, your mother and father when they moved into Savannah, were they farming the land at the time or did they just move in to keep the house going.
Well, my father was a lecturer at the college college powers.
But because he, he'd never, he'd never been a farmer, but because he'd been brought up on the farm, and I've got old pictures as one of him on a tractor or sitting on a trailer with one of his brothers on the tractor.
When they were kids, well, you know, late teens I suppose.
He decided that he would farm the land because it was either that I suppose or rented out to somebody else to farm it so he kind of farmed it and mum helped and worked full time at the college as well.
But he used to love it you know he'd be spending every day like minute he'd be up with the lark.
He'd be out doing some farming then he'd go off to work and then he'd come back and he'd be out, you know, do some more farming.
And my younger brother was here as well so he'd have been sort of, I don't know, what would it be, 12 something like that.
12 or 13 so he would be helping as well. And of course he's now farming Savannah.
So he, so dad had a little bit of help but yeah he tended to, he was very busy, very busy man, very capable and so, so yes they did take on the farming.